Clarify documentation for gRPC and gRPC-Web (#182)
datawire/ambassador-docs: reference/core/ambassador.md

### gRPC HTTP/1.1 bridge (`enable_grpc_http11_bridge`)

Ambassador supports bridging HTTP/1.1 clients to backend gRPC servers. When an HTTP/1.1 connection is opened and the request content type is `application/grpc`, Ambassador will buffer the response and translate into gRPC requests. For more details on the translation process, see the [Envoy gRPC HTTP/1.1 bridge documentation](https://www.envoyproxy.io/docs/envoy/v1.11.2/configuration/http_filters/grpc_http1_bridge_filter.html). This setting can be enabled by setting `enable_grpc_http11_bridge: true`. Read more about [gRPC and Ambassador](user-guide/grpc).

### gRPC-Web (`enable_grpc_web`)

> gRPC is a binary HTTP/2-based protocol that extends the benefits of gRPC to the browser, as some programs cannot speak raw HTTP/2 (such as Javascript in a browser). gRPC-Web is a JSON, HTTP-based protocol that wraps around the non-web gRPC to alleviate this problem and prevent performance issues.

Reviewer: This is still a little confused; how about
```suggestion
gRPC is a binary HTTP/2-based protocol; this allows high performance, but is problematic for some programs, as some programs cannot speak raw HTTP/2 (such as JavaScript in a browser). gRPC-Web is a JSON and HTTP-based protocol that wraps around the plain gRPC to alleviate this problem and extend benefits of gRPC to the browser, at the cost of performance.
```
?
